c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\bin\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.exe
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\bin\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.pdb
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.anaForm.resources
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.Form1.resources
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.rehberEkle.resources
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.exe
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.pdb
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.rehberSorgu.resources
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.rehberSil.resources
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.canliRadyo.resources
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\bin\x86\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\bin\x86\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.not.resources
C:\Users\Root\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.gunluk.resources
C:\Users\Root\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.k_ekle.resources
C:\Users\Root\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.k_sil.resources
C:\Users\Root\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.k_guncelle.resources
C:\Users\Root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.tarayici.resources
C:\Users\Root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.gazete.resources
C:\Users\Root\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkmanAjanda\AkmanAjanda\obj\x86\Debug\AkmanAjanda.hakkinda.resources
